Now that you have a little background into AI and EHR data,
let's go on to a little preview of what you will cover in this course.
In the initial parts of this course,
we will be reviewing EHR data security and analysis.
This data security section of the course may
be a review for anyone who currently works in healthcare,
but it's of vital importance in today's world to understand
how to keep our patients' data safe and secure.
We are the gatekeepers of that data and if we
want to be able to do amazing things with this data,
we need to ensure it's safe.
You will learn about the different regulations around the world which you should
be aware of to ensure your data practices meet these regulations.
Also in this section,
we will be reviewing and completing some exploratory data analysis following
the CRISP-DM framework to address some common issues with
data before we begin using it to build and test our models.
You will perform some data schema in demographic analysis as part of this section.
This will enable you to explore your data and
make sure it is representative of the population,
and this will allow the model you build later to be accurate.
In the EHR code sets section of this course,
you will learn about all kinds of different code sets used in the medical industry,
become familiar with medical encounters,
and learn to interpret diagnosis,
procedure, and medication codes.
Diagnosis codes are part of the ICD-10-CM classification of diseases.
This is riveting stuff, I know,
but you'll be surprised how much better you'll be able to understand your next diagnosis.
Then you'll learn to break down procedure codes using
ICD-10-PCS codes, and CPT categories.
If that were not enough codes,
you'll also work directly with medication codes using NDC and RxNorm codes.
Finally, you'll look into using the Clinical Classification Software or CCS system to
more easily group and categorize the 77,000 plus codes when using them for our ML models.
After code sets, you'll get to dive into more actual coding with Python and TensorFlow.
First, you'll learn to differentiate between and choose
the correct dataset level for your modeling like choosing between line,
encounter, and longitudinal levels.
Then you'll learn to apply testing and validation techniques to prevent data leakage and
population misrepresentation during dataset splitting which if left unchecked,
can lead to highly inaccurate models in production.
Finally, you perform feature engineering using the TensorFlow Dataset API.
Then it's time to get to the really fun part,
building, evaluating, and interpreting models.
You'll start off by getting a quick review on TensorFlow dense features
and implementing best practices with TensorFlow feature columns.
Next, you'll evaluate your models for uncertainty and bias,
or being introduced to Brier scores for evaluation.
Then we'll head into a deep dive on
demographic bias analysis of our models to remove bias.
Not only will you understand why unintended demographic bias is important to address,
but also how to address unintended biases using a project called Aequitas.
Then you'll get a review of uncertainty estimation and Bayesian probability
before training in uncertainty estimation model with TensorFlow probability.
Then use Shapley values to help interpret your model.
Wow, looking at this course,
that might seem like a lot but by the end,
you have learned some amazing skills that you can
apply to this ever-growing field of health care.